okay Chris we've played good games on
crazy games but now we're going to
specifically look for the worst pieces
of garbage we can find ooh oh I see I
see a piece of garbage right there look
at him he is the guy that didn't like
the video he's he's got an sc on his
shirt look at that idiot oh that's you
oh oh oh that's a mirror oh you fool oh
I am stupid you absolute fool see what
we got here we're I'm just browsing new
games here we go DIY makeup salon Spa
makeover ooh Andy we deserve we we'll
treat ourselves to a nice Spa there oh
my gosh treat yourself oh my gosh that
that bag of
makeup I mean she's so pretty that's not
a job a blogger says the YouTuber says
the you just just just just just here
just just
get just just just stop we're just going
to drown her in bubbles like yes should
this be burning probably I mean it's
acid after all tell me where he is where
are the other girl going Batman it's the
Joker clean her off okay you know I
really feel like she should doing some
of them herself pleas tell tell me we
don't have to pop those man we just
going to shoot her with a
laser oh God what is
this oh no oh
God we need to blur
this can we go back in time and blur it
I
don't no no why I don't like just get
get wash your face lady I to oh do I
have to rub it in for her my God she
can't do it herself let clean her up
there you go you are now worthy of
society's attention she she still looks
like she went nine rounds with Mike
Tyson seriously like she's got a little
bruise in there little BR that's just
that's she's got puffy eyes Chris we got
to put a mask on her I guess on her nose
now we're going to peel it that's a
black head strip idiot wow I guess
you're better at put on makeup than me I
am I look at me I look pretty they say
you can't put lipstick on a pig but but
put one on a man
Pig going with that oh wow you're really
painting the Picasso here her name's pic
is this offensive to Green People the
Martians hey
hey hey what are you doing down there
yeah we put the Kiwi on her she's she's
feeling great Zip Zap get on Twitter she
had a long day of writing recipes on her
blog where she tells her entire freaking
life story not showering it's the mask
it's Jim Carrey
somebody's Spa me oh no no no no no no
no I think I might be over this you know
what lady you're good enough get out of
here Noob gig at Chad parkour tricks
challenge that is every word I love and
want tattooed on me three for Minecraft
that I got hit in the head by my
creeper my parents are siblings all
right Chris I'm going to show you how to
real parkour it whoa my brother is Steve
my name is stove get him stove look out
it's a villager stove he looks angry oh
no it's a villager I'm cook oh yeah oh
yeah give me that key villager I like
diamonds diamonds make my shoes Sparkle
stoves going to the neither I went to
the neither with my stove shoes and
diamonds look it's a pork it it's a pig
and they go moo a
stove Pigs Don't moo is this the whole
game yeah bye stove city car driving
simulator on F all right stove get in
there I am stove and I have camo can you
see me nobody drives like stove drives
which one is go yeah I've been I've been
driving on these mean strengths since I
was a little just a little tiny stove CU
I was a microwave that was a mic oh God
don't do a sick jump I'm going to do a
sick trick now stop my car can go upside
down I'm like the Harry Potter I can fly
okay stove try not to hit anything this
time you got it boss we're
speeding so don't hit look at stove it's
a it's 5 hey look his car is shinier
than mine stove run away stove okay boss
I'll run away we got
stove his car can do the same tricks my
can you will never take me alive bad
stove bad stove what you going to do
when they come for stove get spank get
spanked
oh like Blue's brother's up in her oh
there we go stove hit that big jump
we're home free I'm hitting this one so
big I'm jumping to the next
game your house now has an imprint of my
car man I I love when games have a lot
of
words jail prison th okay they they
changed it on us who do we want to be
Chris be the guy of the bright red
Calvin Stu no one's going to see me oh
we don't have we don't have enough money
got to be this guy that has a Target on
his places he's got a Target on his
mouth why why would we buy something if
we're thieves also why are we in jail oh
game over wait when you start we're bad
these wa look at him go he just kicked
down that door dude he's so strong
incredible Hero has been in prison
playing the smart way out we're
incredible hero okay okay we can run I
thought we were a thief okay I can make
fire kind of okay how did they arrest
this guy hold on I'm having trouble
controlling him yeah he just Ki why the
door so
big
wa both of those frames were awesome oh
dang it I overshot it a little bit we
turn okay he He Walks Like A runway
model there we go that's easy it's just
a nice little kick I love how you just
whip out an axe I love how the wanted
posters are 20 ft in the air right below
ceiling level really having trouble okay
okay there's the do we need the key you
think they would have confiscated this
axe oh yeah oh oh look at me uh flossing
okay I think this is the worst one so
far oh grenade the officials are coming
to extract samples of your blood what
they want my blood Chris let me axe this
guy quick you can't have it I called
dibs I think he died before I even hit
him with the axe I like there's a giant
green lion in case we didn't know where
to go where where do I go down this
straight Corridor I'm want to mess this
pool up oh boy a grenade I'll be free
for sure better I'm going to dance yeah
why why don't you put it next to an
exterior wall baby instead of I don't
know dancing incredible monster
transformation is enabled o okay there
I'm going to be whoa okay I just I just
shoved him whoa I just I just pushed him
slightly I'm stuck in a corner again I
don't when can I use the grenade it's g
go that way it's G for go that way I
swear I'm not even touching anything
anymore he just keeps spinning around
okay you hit I hit I yeah it's just push
this shoving them slightly really having
trouble the turning radius on this guy
ain't great oh snap battle typer oh now
we get to see who's the real typist very
hard I'll go first watch how good I am
at typing I'm not very oh
zil so that zil's approaching burn sorry
what what what what even happened that
was so good wait I hit it no what
oh is this okay I guess I asked for very
hard what is ukip
pleas oh look it's the a in the m in
the was just pee the nfts
nfts your turn ready oh oh oh hold on
hold on let me get ready for this here
we go here we
go is this R again
what ha they're not even shooting any
this is way easier than mine do there's
not even shooting mine was there's so
many them it was so much harder for
me none of them are this is so
cheap well I mean at the end I was so
far ahead of you I just hit all the
buttons and it's I'm I'm the greatest
ever probably if you think about it
great stop moving my M around nerd you
Manny you done stop it stupid stop okay
this is way easier what nfu Nu BR bro
Gary
Gary I love it funky
worms funky with an N I'm saying get out
of here you worm get out of here YouTube
demonetized we're being so funky okay
okay oh what am I what am I doing here
you being
funky is this worm Tetris I don't know
what I'm doing wait what am I I think
what am I doing well there's a ghost
hand saying to click something else up
there who's that guy whoa what is going
he got
funky I don't think it's Tetris cuz I
don't even there's no rules wait what
just happened it didn't even explain
what to do no it didn't I thought like
those worms touch each other and now
they're wa what is this oh it's a record
okay is it cuz we're the only people to
play this thing oh okay you got to
segment them together okay I got it like
this or
this I don't know what is happening no
man let me show you how it's done okay
you got to like combine they didn't
combine the worms you got to hit the
button at the top right I think so that
cost 20 and I only have 10 I'm a poor
worm what did I just do I don't know but
the worms loved it okay I can't like
hold them like I don't know what that
was was all I know is the worms freaking
loved
it I don't know what this is funky worms
ultimate flying car 2 I never played
ultimate flying car one I won't get the
story oh man the lore the lore it's a
car it can fly it's ultimate great it's
parsing the code you you you just you
just ruined it for me it's ruined SP two
player now we're talking now we are
talking on
Discord avoid these oh my God I here 7
Things avoid them idiot oh my God how do
I go I got wsd I got arrows okay
okay see a loser you're not the ultimate
flying car I am wait what is this what
is this press F press J press F Chris
wait am I on the left or right you're on
the right Dingus I'm on yeah I'm Jak
idiot whoa I killed
myself I hit I hit Jay and I went to
heaven he just blew up immediately who's
this guy who giant bull oh got my way
linkoln ow ow ow ow ow in the back of
the head in in the theater is that a
joking 14 oh my gosh I just got that se
for tyrannis too soon idiot too soon too
soon hey slow oh you can do like traps
and stuff I should probably do them for
people you're so far behind CH I'm going
to stop and wait for you yeah okay just
yeah just stop right there well I need
to power up first I didn't know I would
go through heaven and die I got to say
our cars haven't flown yet well I mean I
I did for a second true you did it did
not go well oh yeah they drive in front
of that thing Jay
what dang it I tried to hit you in the
boot am I in front of you now when will
we fly I want to fly I'm going to get
you you ain't going to get nothing I'm
going get you you ain't going to get
nothing I'm going to set a trap up here
watch
this the traps always happen way in
front of you yeah it's pretty very
confusing like you're trapping yourself
it didn't even really put any thoughts
in this game what all it's the sequel
everyone's been
what wait what oh stupid it said we both
won you're both winners yay we both won
find them all hunt the avocados make
them pay for the crimes find all the
avocados to the grocery store they
Trader Joe's get the thief Whole Foods
is it because he's sweating and he's got
money coming out his pockets you caught
me I'm going to do a little jig I was an
avocado the whole
time which one of them is an avocado we
need three doctors ASAP well I mean
anyone can buy a stethoscope you shake
them a little bit doctors hate being
shooked you knew it you know it put them
in water only doctors float M it's true
like a duck
coack was that correct but a duck good
that's good stuff one of these animals
one of these animals don't belong one of
these animals is
wrong it might be the
legs wait hold on there's a bird in
there it was the only bird there's a
chicken chickens in the zoo no they
don't burglar is hiding check below the
cars no no stove sorry I like to hide
out of the car yeah stove I'm going home
now goodbye I found him I found the
burglar he's dressed like a burglar is
that profiling I don't know and a car
this is the greatest game I've ever
played in my life think my party's
haunted we just got to check everyone's
what it might be the guy that's dizzy oh
there he is oh I found him God I'm so
much better than you at this game I
haven't even played oh there's multiple
ghost D I thought they just won oops
okay you can play the next one if you
don't get it in 3 seconds you you're I'm
going to kick you you could kick me
anyways yeah what normally I would one
two three what what what oh this guy
right here it's this guy hold on come
here come here come here just come over
here crowd surfing you dropped him crowd
surfing there's a bunch of them there's
several of them no that's a that's a
donkey there's one and there's one this
is way more than 3 seconds uh excuse me
we're still on 1 and 1/2 seconds here
bro finding the mouse in this is crazy
hard they're not mice oh who Tau these
zebras to dance I'm looking for my other
H wow Chris I can do it in like 3
seconds 1 2 3 what is he a jawbreaker
what is he got a target for a brain all
right last one there big finish big
finish some of these animals oh my God
find the dead ones kissy face that's a
dead animal good job Pig had a haunted
look in hiside oh they're not dead they
have wheels on their legs they're fake
oh they do have X's for eyes but I think
there're supposed to be buttons find the
guy who's not liking and subscribing
this video there he is now Shake him
Shake him Shake him bye I love you
that's lightning and I am scared oh that
was a picture I thought it was lightning